Add Collection.values, fix editField and file return types, fix bad fields showing up in some searches (#18)
TheRolfFR/firestorm-db: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - `Collections.values` method, which get all existing values for a given key across a collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Collections.values` method, which get all distinct non-null values for a given key across a collection.

```
